{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Colinsbrough Primary School Volunteer Summary\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 02/09/2011\
\
Today was my first day volunteering with  p6/7 class at Colinsbrugh primary school in fife. I was lucky enough to get a place volunteering with the primary 6/7 class as I have been friends with the teacher for a long time and he set up arrangements to have me in and help. I decided that I wanted to do more than be an extra helper in class So after having discussions with Mr Connell, It was agreed that I would run a week by week presentation on Marine Wildlife with the children. \
\
Friday was my first time in class and I had prepared a class plan which involved in having an introductory powerpoint presentation and then a quiz. The powerpoint presentation was based on my personal experiences with marine wildlife and how the kids can get involved with local marine wildlife. I was in uncharted territory in terms of presenting but I judged the time span well and my powerpoint went according to plan. I made sure to include lots of pictures in my powerpoint and allowed the kids to ask questions constantly throughout the talk to keep their wonders fresh in their heads. I was overwhelmed with how interested the children were and there keeness to learn.  \
\
The class was split up into 4 different groups\'85.the Dolphins, the Great White Sharks, the Killer Whales and the Hammerhead sharks. I bought a 4 plastic toys for the groups so they had something physical to relate to their groups.  I constructed the questions based around my powerpoint presentation. I made the questions far to easy as the groups all did far to well! I was impressed with how much the kids had remembered which confirms that the kids had been playing attention.  the Killer Whales got full marks! Looking forward to next weeks lesson where i am going to cover the difference between mammals and Fish.}